---
title: Devotion
author: Adrien
date: 2019-04-25T15:53:00.000Z
tags:
  - default
red: true
mathjax: true
---
> _**Note**: Characters, places, and events in this post may be work of fiction or heavily modified versions of their real-life prototypes._

\* \* \*

Yesterday I went out for some coffee. I asked my mom if she wanted to go with me. She said yes.

Mom is aging. Looking at the situation, I thought it might be better if she gets some kind of senior care, by which I mean professional services provided at places like care homes.

So while we were walking down the street I said, mom, would you like to move to a care home?

"No."

Well, that's not expected, because that response didn't agree with the dead simple reasoning:

> Care homes provide professional senior care.<br>
> Senior care is beneficial to the senior.
>
> Mom falls into the category of the senior.
>
> Mom benefits from moving to a care home.

"Okay, but why?"

She thought for a while.

"No, I just don't want to."

There was a period of silence.

"Mom, can you tell me your _real_ reasons?"

She frowned at me, "Pardon me?"

That was a huge amount of confusion for me: Her request for me to repeat my words was out of context, as I hadn't said anything beforehand.

\* \* \*

**Some supplementary information**: Later that day, mom told me she had to set the Stasis bit on my main clock so she could suspend me and do some re-programming on me, in order to "introduce some minor tweaks." Since this piece of information is unverifiable obviously due to my being suspended, I'll exclude it from the text above and just leave it here. I still don't get why the dead simple reasoning didn't work, though.
